bata's prime minister says there have
been false reports on negotiations to
release Israeli captives in Gaza the
comments were made following talks with
France's foreign minister our
correspondent Muhammad Val is following
that meeting in Doha and uh what more
can you tell us about these false
reports around hostage
negotiations right uh but there was a
question about this put to the uh
spokesman of the foreign Ministry and he
uh did not elaborate he did not give the
details or mention any instances of
these reports but he said that that's
not important the type of reports or
leaks that have been uh spread around is
not important but what is important is
that any leak any leak about these
negotiations regarding the release of
the hostages or so-called hostages
others called them prisoners is harmful
to that cause and should only delay the
results that are uh being looked for but
around this uh this question and the
discussion about it it's very clear that
the two ministers in this press
conference were talking two different
languages the the foreign minister uh
French foreign minister insisted on that
Mantra of condemnation she started with
a strong condemnation of what happened
on October 7 and talked about the the
need for immediate and total release of
the uh of the of the hostages she talked
about also the need to to make every
think possible to prevent an escalation
or a widening or a spreading of the
conflict in the region so those are
apparently the most important points
that she insisted on we know that the
negotiations uh understandably were
talking about something else something
else has been negotiated in terms of
what the Israelis want and what the the
other side want Hamas wants and so on
but that's not that hasn't been
explained in this press what has been
talked about is these generalities but
on the katari side we see a different
language different priorities the katari
foreign minister insisted on immediate
ceasefire lasting ceasefire and also the
opening of the Rafa Crossing and the
channeling of humanitarian Aid not only
uh on a limited scale but a permanent in
a permanent manner so that those
civilians in Gaza could be could be
helped so I mean there there is
certainly this role of Qatar and uh
regarding the regarding the negotiations
over the hostages and so on and that
apparently that is the subject and the
the the the the the the the goal of
these discussions here between the
French and the kataris but the
generalities are what have been talked
about in the press the need for those
points to be discussed and they are
being discussed and the two sides seem
to be in agreement that civilians should
be spared should not be killed the
French foreign minister talked about
that but she she did not condemn the
killing of 10,000 civilians in Gaza
didn't talk about indiscriminate killing
by the Israeli side she was very soft on
the Israeli side and very strong on
Hamas okay thank you so much for that
that's Muhammad Val for us in Doha